{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss Helv;}{\f1\fmodern Courier;}{\f2\fmodern Pica;}}
{
${\footnote $ Introduction}
{\b \fs24 Introduction}\plain\par\par
#{\footnote # loc1}
K{\footnote K Introduction}
\pard \plain \qj \fs20 \f0 Thank you for trying out SABRE Fighter Plane Simulator, 
an on-going game project for Linux and Windows NT/95 developed under 
the {\uldb GNU Public License}{\v loc23} as a labor 
of love by flight-simulation enthusiasts.
\par
\par
{\b Quick Tips}
\par
If you've just downloaded and run SABRE, you are currently in {\uldb Demo Mode}{\v loc21}. 
It is March, 1953, and in the frigid skies over Korea, American F-86 SabreJets, F-84 
ThunderJets and F-51 Mustangs are engaged with North Korean MiG-15s and Yak-9s 
in a whirling "furball". From positions on the ground 37-mm AAA fire adds to the 
danger. The demo switches viewpoint from plane to plane, giving you a 
"God's-Eye" view of the action. 
\par
\par
To fly yourself, choose a selection from the 
{\uldb Flights}{\v loc22} menu. When you start a flight, the mouse pointer will 
dissapear. Your mouse is now functioning as the "stick", and by moving it left,
right, forwards or backwards you make the plane bank left, bank right, nose down 
or nose up. The stick position is indicated by a green circle which moves around 
near center of the screen. See {\uldb HUD Diagram}{\v loc51}. 
\par
\par
Clicking on the RIGHT mouse button will PAUSE the game, and return the mouse pointer 
to allow you to select a menu item. If your guns are armed (as indicated by the presence 
of the gun pipper, a green circle with a dot), clicking on the LEFT mouse button will 
fire them.
\par
\par
You can exit the game at any time by hitting {\b\f1 Q} or {\b\f1 q} or {\b\f1<ESC>},
or by selecting {\bExit} from the {\uldb Flights}{\v loc22} menu. 
\par
\par
Send inquiries and bug reports to {\b dan@cobite.com}.
\par
\par
Check out the SABRE Web Site:
\par
{ \b sabre.cobite.com }
\par
for latest patches and documentation
\par
\par
\pard
\par{\uldb Keys Reference}{\v loc20}
\par{\uldb HUD Diagram}{\v loc51}
\par{\uldb Cockpit Diagram}{\v loc50}
\par{\uldb Demo Mode}{\v loc21}
\par{\uldb Flights}{\v loc22}
\par{\uldb NEW! Air-To-Ground Missions}{\v loc100}
\par{\uldb Window Size}{\v loc30}
\par{\uldb Target Track}{\v loc61}
\par{\uldb Target Track II}{\v loc62}
\par{\uldb Jumping from Plane to Plane}{\v loc80}
\par{\uldb GNU Public License}{\v loc23}
}
{\plain \page}

{
${\footnote $ Autopilot}
K{\footnote K Autopilot}
{\b \fs24 Autopilot}\plain\par\par
#{\footnote # loc24}
\pard \plain \qj \fs20 \f0 
Choosing {\b Autopilot} from the {\b Controls} Menu, or pressing {\b \f1 A} engages 
or disengages the Autopilot. In SABRE, the Autopilot does a lot more than usual. You 
can think of him or her has your copilot, ready to take over at any time if you get 
weary of battle. When you invoke the Autopilot, the same logic used for the computer-
controlled planes will now govern your plane (for better or worse). 
} {\plain \page}


{
K{\footnote K Flights}
${\footnote $ Flights}
{\b \fs24 Flights}\plain\par\par
#{\footnote # loc22}
\pard \plain \qj \fs20 \f0
\par
The following missions are available from the {\b Flights} Menu: 
\par
\par
{\b Just Fly}
\par
Just fly around. No one will bother you! And if you feel like taking a shot at 
something, go ahead ... maybe it will blow up!
\par
\par
{\b Takeoff}
\par
Takeoff from the runway. Use the {\b *} for full throttle, {\b W} to release 
your wheel brakes. When your airspeed reaches 160 kts, pull back gently and 
rise!
\par
\par
{\b Shoot1}
\par
Puts you on the six of a rather clueless MiG-15. Get the pipper (see {\uldb HUD Diagram}{\v loc51}) 
on the Lead Box and pull the trigger!
\par
\par
{\b Shoot2}
\par
Same setup as Shoot1 above, except now the MiG will break to your left.
\par
\par
{\b Shoot3}
\par
Same setup again, except now the MiG will "jink" back and forth
\par
\par
{\b Dogfight}
\par
This is it, buddy! Your're one-on-one against a hot MiG-15 pilot, who wants you to
die for your country. The setup is random, he might be in front of you, or behind you. 
Use the {\uldb Target Track}{\v loc61} view to quickly find out where he is.
\par
\par
{\b Melee}
\par
You're part of a 5-plane formation of SabreJets heading straight into MiG Alley. You'll 
hear your wingman engage a flight of MiGs up ahead. Use the {\uldb Target Track II}{\v loc62} 
view, along with the {\b <ENTER>} key, to pick out a target in the fray. You'll need to 
cycle through your wingmen before getting to the MiGs, which (if you don't know) are the 
planes with the big red stars on them. Then use {\uldb Target Track}{\v loc61} 
to steer your way to him. Do your part to help your buddies see this one through!
\par
\par
{\b Furball}
\par
Holey Smokes! What a mess ... we've got SabreJets, ThunderJets, Mustangs, MiGs and Yaks all 
over the place! Again, use that {\uldb Target Track II}{\v loc62} and the {\uldb Target Track}{\v loc61} 
views to locate and head towards an enemy plane. Check your six!
\par
\par
{\b Mig Jump}
\par
And now, for the other point of view. You are patrolling in your MiG-15, with your 
loyal Wing Comrade, Commander Jing, when you  
spot a flight of three F-51 Mustangs below you. Use "zoom and boom" tactics to defeat 
the less powerful American planes. 
\par
\par
{\b Yak Attack!}
\par
See how your F-51 Mustang, the greatest American piston-engine fighter ever made, 
measures up against the Russian Yak-09, also of World War II vintage.
}
\par
\par 
{\b ThunderJets}
\par
The F84 ThunderJet is a fine plane, but the MiG-15 outclasses it in nearly every 
respect. You and your two wingmen will need to use your superior skill and training 
to defeat a flight of MiGs heading your way!      
\par
\par
{\b NEW! Ground Attack I-III}
\par 
New with Version 0.2.3, three intense ground attack missions pitting you, armed 
with HVAR rockets and M43 500lb bombs, against rather excitable ground units who 
will send 60mm AAA fire your way. See {\uldb Air-To-Ground Missions }{\v loc100} 
for some pointers. 
\par
\par

{\plain \page}

{
${\footnote $ Air-To-Ground Missions }
K{\footnote K Air-To-Ground Missions }
#{\footnote # loc100}
{\b \fs24 Air-To-Ground Missions}\par\par
 \pard \plain \f1 \fs10
The "Ground Attack" scenarios introduce air-to-ground ordinance into SABRE. 
Armed with HVAR high-velocity rockets, M43 500lb bombs, and 
M64 1000lb bombs, you will attack ground units who, not  
surprisingly, will retaliate with deadly 60mm anti-aircraft fire. 
Also, a few MiGs may drop by to say hello. 
\par
\par
Air-to-ground ordinance is also available in the "fly" mission, 
and you may want to develop your bombing and strafing skills by attacking 
the red pyramids at "Target Range Omega", without fear of 
retaliation. In the "gru" missions, the red pyramids will be 
replaced by the ground units. 
\par
\par
To select your air-to-ground ordinance, use the 'N' key. The 
type of ordinance selected will appear in the lower left of 
your hud ... "HVAR" for rockets, "M43" for 500lb bombs, and 
"M64" for 1000lb bombs. 
\par
\par 
All of the missions have you pointed towards a dark circular 
area, "Target Range Omega", where you will find the ground units 
(but not quite before they notice you!). The ground units consist 
of a column of trucks and AAA vehicles. The AAA vehicles, for now, 
use the same shape data as the trucks, so they, well, they look 
like trucks. But they dont quack like a truck, nor walk like a 
truck, so believe me, they aint trucks!  
\par
\par
If you get turned around and confused, your 
"waypoint indicators", horizontal and vertical green lines, 
can help you get back on track. 
In Ground Attack II & III, you are also being tracked by MiGs. To select 
them for targeting, press the <ENTER> key, however, the waypoint 
indicators will no longer guide you to the ground targets. 
In II, you should have plenty of time to make a few passes 
before having to deal with the MiG, in III, well, you'll see ... 
\par 
\par
Aiming 
\par 
------ 
\par
Aiming your air-to-ground ordinance is purely a matter of  
feel. The sight is fixed on the center of your hud for both 
rockets and bombs, no computed "cueing" is given. Bombs are 
particularly difficult to aim accurately. You'll have to drop 
a few at a consistent dive angle and speed to get a sense of 
where you want the target to be on release. I wish I could 
give you some better advice, but, hey, I haven't figured out 
how to drop the darn things on target yet either! 
\par 
\par
Rockets are a little easier to aim, plus they look kind of 
neat. You also get to see where they hit, which brings up 
another issue ... 
\par
\par
Bomb Damage Assesment 
\par
---------------------
\par
The other thing about the bombs is desiring to see if, 
after dodging through MiGs and flak at great risk, you 
managed to hit anything. However, doing so often involves 
floundering around and making yourself a sitting duck for 
AAA fire, or stalling, or just plowing into the ground. 
\par
\par 
This issue will be resolved in the next update by providing 
a "weapon viewpoint" so you can, ala Dr. StrangeLove, 
ride your bomb right into the ground! Meanwhile, try a steep 
climb after release and using the back view ('4' key) to eyeball 
the results. 
\par
\par
Hints
\par 
----- 
\par
The ground units are moving in columns perpendicular to you. 
To get the most out of your ordinance, you want to swing around 
and approach them head on. 
\par
\par
Stay high and fast. Release your weapons no lower than 4000 feet 
AGL and quickly pull away. If you get low and slow over those 
60s, you are one dead pilot. 
\par
\par
In "Ground Attack I", you will be flying an F-84 ThunderJet, which did most 
of the ground attack work in the later stages of the Korean War. 
Be careful not to stall this birdy ... I've added a spin factor 
to it's flight model which makes stalling particularly dangerous .
\par
} {\plain \page}

{
${\footnote $ Demo Mode}
K{\footnote K Demo Mode}
#{\footnote # loc21}
{\b \fs24 Demo Mode}\par\par
\plain \qj \fs20 \f0 In Demo Mode, you have a "God's-Eye" view of the battle. 
The simulation automatically switches the view-point from plane to plane, 
attempting to show you the most interesting events occurring. 
Demo Mode is a good way to observe how the computer-controlled 
pilots maneuver and shoot (not particularly well, as of now.) 
If you get excited enough to join in, hit {\b\f1 A} or select 
{\uldb Autopilot}{\v loc24} 
from the Controls Menu at any point, 
and you will be put in control of the selected aircraft.
} {\plain \page}


{
${\footnote $ Window Size}
K{\footnote K Window Size}
#{\footnote # loc30}
{\b \fs24 Changing the Window Size}\par\par
\plain \qj \fs20 \f0 
\par
You can change the size of the window you are running SABRE 
in by simply dragging on the bottom right corner, as you would 
any other window. The one caveat is that the larger you make the 
window, the slower the game will run, as more pixels have to be generated. 
Additionally, the cockpit graphic will only appear when the window is 
320x200 pixels. 
} {\plain \page}

{

${\footnote $ Keys Reference}
K{\footnote K Keys Reference}
#{\footnote # loc20}
{\b \fs24 Keys Reference}
\par
\pard 
\plain \qj \fs20 \f0 Below is a key-reference.
\par 
Many of the functions are available 
from the pull-down menus, but of course, in the heat of battle 
it is more convenient to invoke them via a key-stroke. 
\par
\par
Unless otherwise indicated, typing an lowercase letter will issue the 
same command as the uppercase letter shown.
\par
\par

{
 \pard \plain \f1 \fs10
{\b \f0 \fs20 Eject! Eject! Eject!}
\par
{\b Q} or {\b <ESC>} ....... Exits the game immediately (use when boss approaches)
\par
\par
{\b \f0 \fs20 Flight Control Keys }
\par
{\b *} ................ 100% throttle
\par
{\b /} ................ 0% throttle
\par
{\b +} ................ increase throttle
\par
{\b -} ................ decrease throttle
\par
{\b W} ................ release/engage wheel brakes
\par
{\b B} ................ release/engage speed brakes
\par
{\b G} ................ raise/lower landing gear
\par
{\b A} ................ engage/disengage {\uldb Autopilot}{\v loc24}
\par
{\b J} ................ left rudder
\par
{\b L} ................ right rudder
\par
{\b K} ................ center rudder
\par
{\b f} ................ flaps down
\par
{\b F} ................ flaps up
\par
{\b t} ................ trim up
\par
{\b T} ................ trim down
\par
{\b <ctl>t} .......... neutral trim
\par
\par
{\b \f0 \fs20 View Keys}
\par
{\b 1} ................ front
\par
{\b 2} ................ left
\par
{\b 3} ................ right
\par
{\b 4} ................ back
\par
Combine above views with {\b SHIFT} to tilt up or {\b CTRL} to tilt down
\par
{\b 5} ................ top
\par
{\b 0} ................ virtual
\par
{\b 6} ................ {\uldb Outside View}{\v loc60}
\par
{\b 7} ................ {\uldb Target Track}{\v loc61}
\par
{\b 8} ................ {\uldb Target Track II}{\v loc62}
\par
{\b 9} ................ flyby
\par
{\b &} ................ padlock
\par 
For virtual and Outside views:
\par
{\b F2} ............... rotate left
\par
{\b F3} ............... rotate right
\par
{\b F4} ............... rotate down
\par
{\b F5} ............... rotate up
\par
{\b F6} ............... snap to front
\par
Numeric keypad views (NumLock on)
\par
{\b NUMPAD8} ......... front
\par
{\b NUMPAD7} ......... front left
\par
{\b NUMPAD9} ......... front right
\par
{\b NUMPAD4} ......... left
\par
{\b NUMPAD6} ......... right
\par
{\b NUMPAD2} ......... rear
\par
{\b NUMPAD1} ......... rear left
\par
{\b NUMPAD3} ......... rear right
\par
Combine above keys with {\b NUMPAD5} to tilt up, {\b NUMPAD0} to tilt down
\par
\par
{\b \f0 \fs20 Cockpit and HUD}
\par
{\b C} ................ Show/hide {\uldb Cockpit Bitmap and Instruments}{\v loc50}
\par
{\b H} ................ Show/hide {\uldb Heads Up Display (HUD)}{\v loc51}
\par
{\b S} ................ Show/hide aircraft externals
\par
{\b V} ................ Show/hide flight-path indicator
\par
{\b <ctrl>Z} ......... Show/hide frame rate display
\par 
\par
{\b \f0 \fs20 Weapons}
\par
{\b X} ................ Arm/disarm selected weapon
\par
{\b <BACKSPACE>} ..... Select next weapon
\par
{\b <SPACEBAR>} ...... Fire selected weapon
\par
\par
{\b \f0 \fs20 Miscellaneous}
\par
{\b <ENTER>} .......... Select Next Target {\uldb See Target Track}{\v loc61}
\par
{\b <TAB>} ............ {\uldb Jump To Next Plane}{\v loc80}
\par
{\b F11} .............. Toggle texture-mapped landscape
\par
{\b F12} .............. Toggle clouds
\par
{\b <ctrl>F} .......... Apple II compatability mode.
\par 
                    (Real men fight with wireframes)

\par
}
}
{\plain \page}

{
K{\footnote K Cockpit Bitmap and Instruments}
${\footnote $ Cockpit Bitmap and Instruments}
#{\footnote # loc50}
{\b \fs20 Cockpit Bitmap and Instruments}
\par
\pard \plain \qj \fs20 \f0
The cockpit bitmap is only visible when running SABRE in a 320x200 
sized window.
\par 
\par
\{bmc hlpcpk.bmp\}
} 
{\plain \page}

{
K{\footnote K Heads Up Display (HUD)}
${\footnote $ Heads Up Display (HUD)}
#{\footnote # loc51}
{\b \fs20 Heads Up Display (HUD)}
\pard \plain \qj \fs20 \f0
\par
\{bmc hlphud.bmp\}
\par 
} 
{\plain \page}

{
K{\footnote K Jumping From Plane to Plane}
${\footnote $ Jumping From Plane to Plane}
#{\footnote # loc80}
{\b \fs24 Jumping from Plane to Plane}
\pard \plain \qj \fs20 \f0
\par
Pressing {\b <TAB>} or selecting {\b Next Aircraft} from the Special 
Menu will miraculously transport you into the cockpit of the next available 
aircraft (whether friend or foe). It's a good idea to first engage your own 
Autopilot {\b A} key before leaving. To take control, disengage the Autopilot 
and fly away. If you get bored or shot up, just skip to another 
plane. You can't go wrong!
} 
{\plain \page}

{
${\footnote $ Outside View}
K{\footnote K Outside View}
{\b \fs24 Outside View}\plain\par\par
#{\footnote # loc60}
\pard \plain \qj \fs20 \f0 
\{bmc hlpoutsv.bmp\}
\par
\par
Pressing the {\b 6} key or selecting {\b Outside} from the 
View Menu gives you a view outside your airplane. The following 
keys can be used to alter this view: 
{
 \pard \plain \f1 \fs10
\par
{\b i} ................ Decrease distance
\par
{\b u} ................ Increase distance
\par
{\b y} ................ horiziontal clockwise rotation
\par
{\b m} ................ horizontal counter-clockwise rotation
\par
{\b z} ................ vertical clockwise rotation
\par
{\b o} ................ vertical counter-clockwise rotation
}

} 
{\plain \page}

{
K{\footnote K Target Track}
${\footnote $ Target Track}
#{\footnote # loc61}
{\b \fs24 Target Track}
\pard \plain \qj \fs20 \f0
\par 
\{bmc hlptgtv.bmp\}
\par
Pressing the {\b 7} key or selecting {\b Target Track} from the View 
Menu gives you a most useful view in which the target aircraft you selected 
via the {\b <ENTER>} is displayed in the center of the screen, along 
with your airplane so you can quickly see your relationship to it. 
} 
{\plain \page}

{
K{\footnote K Target Track II}
${\footnote $ Target Track II}
#{\footnote # loc62}
{\b \fs24 Target Track II}
\pard \plain \qj \fs20 \f0 
\par
\{bmc hlptgtv2.bmp\}
\par
Pressing the {\b 8} key or selecting {\b Target Track II} from the View 
Menu gives you a look at your opponent's plane, with your plane  
in the center of the screen. This view is useful for selecting targets in a 
multi-bogey situation. Use the {\b <ENTER>} key to cycle through the various 
aircraft involved in the fight, selecting one which you wish to engage. 
}
{\plain \page}

{
${\footnote $ GNU Public License}
{\b \f0 \fs24 GNU Public License}\plain\par\par
#{\footnote # loc23}
{\par \ql \f1 \fs9
		    GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE
\par
		     Version 1, February 1989
\par
 Copyright (C) 1989 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
\par
		    675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA
\par
 Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies
 of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.
\par
The Free Software Foundation has exempted Bash from the requirement of
Paragraph 2c of the General Public License.  This is to say, there is
no requirement for Bash to print a notice when it is started
interactively in the usual way.  We made this exception because users
and standards expect shells not to print such messages.  This
exception applies to any program that serves as a shell and that is
based primarily on Bash as opposed to other GNU software.
\par
			    Preamble
\par
  The license agreements of most software companies try to keep users
at the mercy of those companies.  By contrast, our General Public
License is intended to guarantee your freedom to share and change free
software--to make sure the software is free for all its users.  The
General Public License applies to the Free Software Foundation's
software and to any other program whose authors commit to using it.
You can use it for your programs, too.
\par
  When we speak of free software, we are referring to freedom, not
price.  Specifically, the General Public License is designed to make
sure that you have the freedom to give away or sell copies of free
software, that you receive source code or can get it if you want it,
that you can change the software or use pieces of it in new free
programs; and that you know you can do these things.
\par
  To protect your rights, we need to make restrictions that forbid
anyone to deny you these rights or to ask you to surrender the rights.
These restrictions translate to certain responsibilities for you if you
distribute copies of the software, or if you modify it.
\par
  For example, if you distribute copies of a such a program, whether
gratis or for a fee, you must give the recipients all the rights that
you have.  You must make sure that they, too, receive or can get the
source code.  And you must tell them their rights.
\par
  We protect your rights with two steps: (1) copyright the software, and
(2) offer you this license which gives you legal permission to copy,
distribute and/or modify the software.
\par
  Also, for each author's protection and ours, we want to make certain
that everyone understands that there is no warranty for this free
software.  If the software is modified by someone else and passed on, we
want its recipients to know that what they have is not the original, so
that any problems introduced by others will not reflect on the original
authors' reputations.
\par
  The precise terms and conditions for copying, distribution and
modification follow.
\par
		    GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE
\par
   TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION
\par
  0. This License Agreement applies to any program or other work which
contains a notice placed by the copyright holder saying it may be
distributed under the terms of this General Public License.  The
"Program", below, refers to any such program or work, and a "work based
on the Program" means either the Program or any work containing the
Program or a portion of it, either verbatim or with modifications.  Each
licensee is addressed as "you".
\par
  1. You may copy and distribute verbatim copies of the Program's source
code as you receive it, in any medium, provided that you conspicuously and
appropriately publish on each copy an appropriate copyright notice and
disclaimer of warranty; keep intact all the notices that refer to this
General Public License and to the absence of any warranty; and give any
other recipients of the Program a copy of this General Public License
along with the Program.  You may charge a fee for the physical act of
transferring a copy.
\par
  2. You may modify your copy or copies of the Program or any portion of
it, and copy and distribute such modifications under the terms of Paragraph
1 above, provided that you also do the following:
\par
    a) cause the modified files to carry prominent notices stating that
    you changed the files and the date of any change; and

    b) cause the whole of any work that you distribute or publish, that
    in whole or in part contains the Program or any part thereof, either
    with or without modifications, to be licensed at no charge to all
    third parties under the terms of this General Public License (except
    that you may choose to grant warranty protection to some or all
    third parties, at your option).
\par
    c) If the modified program normally reads commands interactively when
    run, you must cause it, when started running for such interactive use
    in the simplest and most usual way, to print or display an
    announcement including an appropriate copyright notice and a notice
    that there is no warranty (or else, saying that you provide a
    warranty) and that users may redistribute the program under these
    conditions, and telling the user how to view a copy of this General
    Public License.
\par
    d) You may charge a fee for the physical act of transferring a
    copy, and you may at your option offer warranty protection in
    exchange for a fee.
\par
Mere aggregation of another independent work with the Program (or its
derivative) on a volume of a storage or distribution medium does not bring
the other work under the scope of these terms.
\par
  3. You may copy and distribute the Program (or a portion or derivative of
it, under Paragraph 2) in object code or executable form under the terms of
Paragraphs 1 and 2 above provided that you also do one of the following:
\par
    a) accompany it with the complete corresponding machine-readable
    source code, which must be distributed under the terms of
    Paragraphs 1 and 2 above; or,
\par
    b) accompany it with a written offer, valid for at least three
    years, to give any third party free (except for a nominal charge
    for the cost of distribution) a complete machine-readable copy of the
    corresponding source code, to be distributed under the terms of
    Paragraphs 1 and 2 above; or,
\par
    c) accompany it with the information you received as to where the
    corresponding source code may be obtained.  (This alternative is
    allowed only for noncommercial distribution and only if you
    received the program in object code or executable form alone.)
\par
Source code for a work means the preferred form of the work for making
modifications to it.  For an executable file, complete source code means
all the source code for all modules it contains; but, as a special
exception, it need not include source code for modules which are standard
libraries that accompany the operating system on which the executable
file runs, or for standard header files or definitions files that
accompany that operating system.
\par
  4. You may not copy, modify, sublicense, distribute or transfer the
Program except as expressly provided under this General Public License.
Any attempt otherwise to copy, modify, sublicense, distribute or transfer
the Program is void, and will automatically terminate your rights to use
the Program under this License.  However, parties who have received
copies, or rights to use copies, from you under this General Public
License will not have their licenses terminated so long as such parties
remain in full compliance.
\par
  5. By copying, distributing or modifying the Program (or any work based
on the Program) you indicate your acceptance of this license to do so,
and all its terms and conditions.
\par
  6. Each time you redistribute the Program (or any work based on the
Program), the recipient automatically receives a license from the original
licensor to copy, distribute or modify the Program subject to these
terms and conditions.  You may not impose any further restrictions on the
recipients' exercise of the rights granted herein.
\par
  7. The Free Software Foundation may publish revised and/or new versions
of the General Public License from time to time.  Such new versions will
be similar in spirit to the present version, but may differ in detail to
address new problems or concerns.
\par
Each version is given a distinguishing version number.  If the Program
specifies a version number of the license which applies to it and "any
later version", you have the option of following the terms and conditions
either of that version or of any later version published by the Free
Software Foundation.  If the Program does not specify a version number of
the license, you may choose any version ever published by the Free Software
Foundation.
\par
  8. If you wish to incorporate parts of the Program into other free
programs whose distribution conditions are different, write to the author
to ask for permission.  For software which is copyrighted by the Free
Software Foundation, write to the Free Software Foundation; we sometimes
make exceptions for this.  Our decision will be guided by the two goals
of preserving the free status of all derivatives of our free software and
of promoting the sharing and reuse of software generally.
\par
			    NO WARRANTY
\par
  9. BECAUSE THE PROGRAM IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY
FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.  EXCEPT WHEN
OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES
PROVIDE THE PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  THE ENTIRE RISK AS
TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU.  SHOULD THE
PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING,
REPAIR OR CORRECTION.
\par
  10. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING
WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR
REDISTRIBUTE THE PROGRAM AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES,
INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING
OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY
YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER
PROGRAMS), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
\par
		     END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS
}
} {\plain \page}

